Provide some guidance on versioning via the `vct` value (#360)
oauth-wg/oauth-sd-jwt-vc: draft-ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc.md

the semantics of the respective claims and associated rules (e.g., policies for issuing and
validating credentials beyond what is defined in this specification).

The `vct` value also effectively identifies the version of the credential type definition,
as it ties a particular instance of a credential to a specific structure, set of semantics and rules.
When evolving a credential type, changes to the structure or meaning of the associated claims

> should be made in a way that preserves compatibility with existing implementations.

Reviewer: is should, SHOULD here?

> should be made in a way that preserves compatibility with existing implementations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When evolving a credential type without updating the version, changes to the structure or meaning of the associated claims
need to be made in a way that preserves compatibility with existing implementations.
```
